[Music]
ah favorite vets in today's video I'm
going to be showing you how I used all
of my favorites I mentioned in my
September favorites video this video
series is something I've been doing for
a hot damn minute
if you still like it please let me know
I know a lot of you really do like it
and now a lot of you like it confused
like man why is her favorites video in
two parts because I want to so if this
is tosyl do you guys want to see let me
know if not maybe I'll come up with
something else maybe I'll just do a
favorites video maybe I'll do like a
hybrid favorites video slash tutorial
kind of thing so your suggestions are
welcome let me know I'm really a fan of
this look right now it's kind of like
neutral but then you have these pops of
color everywhere and is kind of strange
at the same time because it's like why
is there that much purple eyeshadow
under your lashline bitch that is a lot
and I'm like yup and I like it so stay
in your lane and of course my lips are
almost black which makes me happy
because it's the same color as my soul
almost black but if it's not for you you
can almost change it up for a nicer
lighter color alright guys if you're
interested in seeing how I got this look
and how I used everything I mentioned in
my September favorites video keep on
watching I love my friends so I'm
starting off with my foundation and an
eyebrow and and I already done and I
used my L'Oreal visible blue concealer
and the weeny foundation and this is a
preview of the eye so to get this I'm
starting out with I heard this bicolor
pop and I'm actually going in with my
finger on a primed eyelid and I'm just
tapping this over the lid these pigments
do build up a lot better when using your
finger
[Music]
to kind of carve out my crease shape a
little bit I'm going to be taking a
couple shades from The Naked basics
palette pretty much just any matte
neutrals that work best for your skin
tone and whatnot
I'm just going to be placing this in the
crease very lightly now taking so quiche
I'm going to use this color on a
fluffier brush I'm going to be placing
this in the crease this does diffuse the
color quite a bit so you do need to go
back and forth and build it up again
[Music]
basically when working with these
shadows you just kind of have to layer
them up bit by bit so you get the color
and the sparkle thinking the color of
three I am just going to be placing this
in the very outer V of the eye really
focusing it on that outer part of the
crease to pick it up match I think this
has been discontinued but basically just
take any purple eyeliner you want I'm
going to be lining
now taking the nasty from colour-pop
that's what I'm nicknaming this color
because we have a club here called
fantasy and everyone calls it finesse
anyway it doesn't matter I'm going to be
taking this and I'm going to be running
this over I have that eyeliner that I
place underneath my eyes word to the
wise this color is quote-unquote not
safe or use near the eye so use H o own
or it's okay next I'm just going to be
giving myself some wings because
obviously obviously
now I'm gonna be going in with two
favorite mascaras that miss the video
because the video is too long I'm using
my buxom pull out fabulous something
rather and the L'Oreal miss manga
together they make beautiful beautiful
lashes happen girl those eyes are done
[Music]
I going in with my trusty staple my NARS
orgasm equipped illuminizer I'm going to
be tapping this on my cheeks using a
stippling brush
we can coralina from your everybody be
places over my cheeks to just give them
that nice beautiful glow than a like so
much
now with my pick a highlighter that I
mentioned last month yes I'm still
loving it I'm going to be placing this
on the highest points of my face so the
tops of my cheekbones a little bit down
the middle of my nose on the very tip of
my nose a little bit on the forehead
little bottom chin without a bit of
Cupid's bow you know the drill
[Music]
and just to kind of blend that into my
skin a little bit better I'm just taking
a clean fluffier brush and I'm blending
that out just because this highlighter
is so damn strong now it's time for the
lips I'm first taking my makeup forever
lip liner that's just the clear one it
adds like a barrier to the lips this is
an important step for me because
otherwise lip tar will bleed on my mouth
and then I'm going to be going in and
moisturizing the Z leaps with just a lip
balm of your choosing now taking a nice
plum or purple lip liner this one is
actually from NYX I don't know what it's
called but it doesn't really matter I'm
going to be lining my lips and then also
filling them in and yes I over drew my
lips just a tiny little bit my lips are
very disproportionate to my face if you
haven't noticed by now now we're going
to be taking a pagan lip tart and we're
going to be using a lip brush that we're
just gonna joke am just gonna put it all
on our mouth
been waitin on a lot of you guys have
been asking me how I wear such dramatic
and dark and unusual colors and
basically I put them on my lips and I
wear them lip color and makeup in
general is 90% attitude 10% finding the
right tone so if you like something wear
it because it's makeup who gives a
this little tart is very matte and very
dark on its own so I wanted to jazz it
up a bit I just took a little bit of
fantasy and I tapped that on the middle
of my lower and upper lip just to give
it a little bit more light and dimension
[Music]
all right kids and that's another look
finished
if you did like this video please make
sure you subscribe for more fun VIP on
my channel and you can also follow me on
tumblr Twitter Pinterest Instagram and
Facebook all wait down below thank you
guys so much for watching I'll catch you
next time bye
[Music]